What is a factorial design? When an experiment has a two or more independent variables it is called a factorial design.

Name the types of factorial designs. Describe.
1. Independent factorial design: Several independent variables or predictors and each has been measured using different entities, meaning we are comparing between groups.
2. Repeated-measures (related) factorial design: several independent variables or predictors have been measured but you use the same group of people for each one of these condidtions. 
3. Mixed-design: Design where several independent variables or predictors have been measured where some predictors measure different entities and other predictors measure the same entities.

Is a factorial ANOVA a linear model? Yes. 

In a factorial ANOVA you can calculate the degrees of freedom by subtracting 1 from the number of groups, k. That means df = k - 1. 

The interesting thing is that I can multiply the numbers such as 2 X 2 ANOVA, which would be 4. The result is k, the number of groups, minus 1 = number of degrees of freedom. 
One of the tricky things is figuring out what 2 x 2 ANOVAs mean. Each value intered is the number levels in the independent variable. I haven't heard it described this way but I think of the independent variable as a placeholder that is filled by the number of levels for that particular independent variable. Examples below.

[ ] x [ ] x [ ] ANOVA  
//I'm thinking of the brackets as placeholders. So we know that there are three placeholders = three independent variables. Now let's fill the brackets with the number of levels.

[2] x [3] x [2] ANOVA
//Here we see the number of levels of each independent variable for the ANOVA. 

What is a "level"? Can you give an example?
Yes. Say an experiment has an independent variable of two groups, the difficult vs. easy math questions. That's a 2-level independent variable. 
The second IV has three groups, those who are sober, drink two beers, and six beers. That's three levels.
The third IV has two groups including males and females for a total of two levels. 
When you put all of this together, you have the number of cells representing the total number of groups including those with interactions.
In this case you multiply 2 x 3 x 2 = 12 cells.
